Three civilians will die at your hands
to give them to the worker let's
not be
deprived of this growth
have entered their children Montería
hello can you hear me good
wait I'm
going to put here
[Music]
a moment because not only use he said
if I click even if I have the camera on the
vs if I click on share screen
and of course if you have to share the screen
of the disk was
used
you have to first deactivate the
bs I
use street the bs and put virtual cal it's that I do
n't know how it works and this should or
should or should not be put here so that
people can see it
and all this
[ __ ] it gave me double me girl
bmw because I'm seeing you it's
clear that if I don't stop with the virtual
camps what's going on with your people they're
putting us no
I have said that they go in to everyone
that the insult does not want an input or
insult but neither for you nor for anyone
is it bathed agent if some crazy person is
a with some crazy person has said something and such
is bathed for sure and if I don't see it do not
worry
that attitude
has been left behind in another way is that you
have  said things that really aren't
true but you don't know at all and I like it
because god I watch videos and I say
damn this could be true well it's a
lie and such I watch a lot of your videos
and such and when you said you were going
to make a video of real illusions
and the same illusion where the designs of
the living you said it was a video man you
said I have to make a video for him and
here I said you can't do it and you
told me on the main channel I say it can't
be that I make a video of the
main channel you are totally crazy you know
how the blond continued you know well let's see let's get
to it thanks let's start with
the first thing you haven't
said in your live that I that
you were friends with Dallas and that is what
I would like to do because I am not you
are a fellow nerd wings but I don't think
you are friends like I was with him at the
time I don't think so I am talking
about that friendship of friendship of friendship be
of being friends because it gives the sign when
when we were we have small channels
the two of us are worth the story told
basically it is that he had quite a few
subscribers to make those videos that he made
of animation and so on and this water and okay
and I started to rise in the sun well
halfway up in the sun and he
sent me a message but he liked my
videos from then on we started
talking and we got along well I see
his live shows and so on but we never did
anything else because obviously I didn't do
anything nothing I didn't do collaborations with the
goddess it's very strange that I did
collaborations with people okay and the
thing is that we want
friends and I defended him a lot when
the issue of the stones and all that of
auron of wish michu and so on and I was already
at the forefront and there are tweets that
verify it and I wasn't there to get close to
him it's that I was already his colleague I mean no it
wasn't for doing camilo from folk I do it
seems incredible to me also to go back
now let's go to the stoves
no I don't know I don't know I know you because
when the agora began to rise there
wasn't a video in which after 5
minutes there was a comment from you
on your channel of course but because I watched
your videos a lot  but it has
nothing to do with it, nobody has it, he was also a
very good friend of josemi, you can
sell yourself on josemi's videos of the hairston that a thousand people saw and you see my comments too, I don't know why I grew and reached a million subscribers, of course he didn't say it's nonsense, they don't know, they don't know, I can comment like any other person without milk in your
video in your video commented with me with
my secondary account so you can see that
I don't care and the thing is that I comment on videos and I
don't have to make a
secondary account to sing they are telling me you are telling me that I can't comment on
videos of my friends, they are telling you, they
are telling me that they know that I can't
comment
to advertise myself and that what they are
saying is not nonsense it is
nonsense
because if you see my statistics in fact you will
never see any peak of followers, it has
always been very stable in my
growth, it has never had a peak in
roll, they are being many people because
I am getting involved or I am talking
to someone or I am collaborating with
someone, I really
cannot take out you cannot attack my
growth
in
life, my whole life by
watching the video without watching the video at two
minutes of commenting on the video of uploading the
video work you put a comment
look at all the videos were were a couple
of videos when
freedom to comment commented uncle that is to
say message
my friends
I can take it in two minutes
because yes but I don't have things it has
nothing to do with it because it's a friend year that
about the video and I'm commenting to him
like many people comment on me when
I upload videos and this and other people
are not created of content and spam
without seeing the video but why am I not going to
watch the video because there's something because
two minutes ago
the video was published the [ __ ] not all the videos that I
uploaded in favor was to upload a video and you in
two minutes
because you know that I said it before
entering here that I commented on
Pola's videos and I got along with him, I
mean, I didn't even watch his series in fact what I
said when there is a reaction to your video I
said it I say I saw myself in the
folk series because I liked them as much as
other series but
friends
okay well I have friends in
real life and the internet because because if a
sociable person and I like to talk to
people and I also consider that on the
internet you can get good  friends
and in fact many of my best friends do
n't know each other online they are colleagues
for me the word friend is something much
bigger than a person who doesn't
even know each other in person for me they are for me to be
here so for you if you're
telling me that you defended Dallas when we
talked to you about that thing because when I
do it because you have said now in
your live that when I do it they
eat or for several days because you started
to mess with Dallas when it was fashionable to
sell out with Dallas you
did it and at that moment I was
firing him and what happened that you changed your
way of thinking mysteriously I can
think I can't think precisely
if mysteriously I wait for you
but mysteriously if you are
hamid was going to report and he has a
square that is normal that he was going to
report me just like you don't care that he
could also report you and for
some of the twins and he still has it in public that he
says how is he going to
report
for me he could because you have if you
have your audience he is still what he says that
claiming his dog is incitement
to hatred and threats if not  no no it's not like you
're painting it another way it's
not like I have five
subscribers and I say
listen to me listen to me if I
really think about it it's incitement to
hatred and
aggressive aggression a guy takes a guy and
finds him well and punches him
look that's aggression and it doesn't matter what
you did because you say I can't
tell my parents what they say I
can't tell my fans I literally
send all his people to look for his dog and to
look and even man and that
then if you think that your car has been
stolen or you have lost the
car and think that the car is
somewhere I report it but I don't
send my people to look for the guy in the car
no no because because it's illegal the life of
my people to look for you at your house
nobody's that nobody goes looking at his
house he
told me to look for the dog where
the dog is with a trip to look for the house in
Mieres
2 of 2 shots from
personnel that's
illegal show me where it says that's
illegal because you
don't know you're not worth it  legal according to you according to
you who know a lot about laws it is legal that
I with media coverage send
all my followers to look for you and to
look for you and to look for my dog ​​hole
not to look for me to look for your dog okay
where is it where is the dog
the world knew that I was with
the dog on the street
that is not the people's job nor
Dallas' job it is the mafia's job
to work in a way that you tell me where it is
illegal what article as it violates it is
illegal that you cannot take
justice into your own hands
illegal neither javi but that is
illegal and I do not know if it is that it is a
coupon for illegal products look for it
send people who will send people to
harass a person for
time I
cannot tell you the article chapter
that does not exist is playing he is not
playing the card bars do not exist or rather right
now the blond the blond chooses and
says guys can you look for the
address of this person because I do not
know her or rather there is a person that I
found on the subway can you look for me
and you send a lot of people to look for
harass a person  and also with hate
because I remind you these people were not going to
look to look and not even the dog in a
way that
having reported you are seeing that
he sent to harass can put me the kily
where he sent things in a video saying to
look for his dog and even to
enjoy
javi please
try to defend with one with an
absolute truth but of course
because when you to everyone to the
letter and this is not fixed well it
works if okay imagine javi I say I
say it's that [ __ ] it's that then
excuse me let me give you an example here it
happens to me here in my neighborhood ago I don't know if
you will know a case from 12 or 13 years ago it
was suspected that she was with a man
okay so when it was coming out in all the
media in all the
news that if someone saw the girl and
that they would be notified of who the
girl was with then the media are sending to
harass that man and they are comparing it
seems incredible to me it seemed incredible
that you are comparing man we are
putting the life of a girl who
could be with a stalker
and a person who could have killed her and
that in fact he probably killed her I don't
know how the case ended so as not to lose
a person not that of a a person that
supposedly the dog stream that
supposedly she has and that nobody
really knows that justice is
[ __ ] goodbye but that you can't
send your people to take
justice into their own hands
imagine one thing imagine another thing if
that kid didn't know where to be
imagine that people like what they are
doing with all the
media imagine that people go to the
kid and take justice into their own
hands because of the media because the
media is saying that if they see the
girl they should notify
in more the media were giving the
names of the streets so why
can the media
send to look for a missing girl
and Dallas which is another
media can't send to look for
its dog let's see you're
comparing two things that are totally
these then a dog man a girl and
here a dog and a girl dad all of us
who have pets of the successes you
will have pets but for me my dog
is a son for me my dog ​​​​is also
a  Son, I don't know, I don't know the comparison, it
's not the same thing, but it's not the same thing,
one has a stain and the other doesn't, no, I don't know it, it's not the
same thing, Javier,
because
I can, I can tell you that yes,
justice is [ __ ], they didn't do
anything, they stole Dallas's dog, which was
his dog, obviously yes, I
am, I am in favor of that, but
I am not in favor of Dallas using its
repercussions to send people you don't
know to
apply because you know what could have
happened, hub, and you know what could have
happened, that a kid who is not right in
the head takes Dallas
Bus's words to change
and kills her, or likes her, or makes her be,
then that is the same thing as could, that
is the same thing that can happen, the first thing
is that you are accusing someone of roe de
a dog when Dallas does not say that she
has the dog, she gives them, what she
says is that she has reported that the
dog has escaped and that the dog has been
seen in that area,
Dallas was asking people that if
the interpretations that you see are your
responsibility,
no  these are the interpretations that I give it
is 20 but I can make videos
indirectly and my people can
do what they want but the thing is that
justice does not work like that I mean I do not have it
or I mean you tell me that if I can do
totally stupid things without letting it fall or I
mean
please do not go insult Javi
please I do not know what you know
that
is sending people indirectly maybe he has
not said kids look for
Villar he has the dog of course
obviously how is
he going to say that but indirectly and directly and it has been proven because it has happened people and many people have gone to put up posters whistle at the house ring the doorbell harass the parents and do you think that is okay I am seriously telling you I am asking you seriously it seems that it does
not seem right to me that
people go to that girl's house to
bother in fact I saw the video
saying please do not go but
Dallas did not send people to
her house because then because the people
went to Javi because they came up with
it or because a person I say you now
yes  me now tomorrow I go down to the street to
take my dog ​​and one of your subscribers comes
and hits me is it your fault and from here
if I have said that javi is a bad
person and that you live
tomorrow tomorrow Dallas goes down to the street and
one of your subscribers hits him you just
said in your live the very bad
person remains and that he has done many things to you
no no the same why not
sabino the same it
is not the same not mine because I have not
indirectly sent anyone
directly or indirectly there is the yes
because he literally said he is in
this area looking for a man but yes but
this supposes that the dog has escaped
and they saw him with her
so what happens
but then you are stupid then what
is stupid because
that question just fined me when is
this going to end
calm down
enjoy when
now
let me finish
this from here but please do not
interrupt me or insult me ​​what do you have
interrupting me nor am I enjoying you
when he comes from here
you do not care
old enough to be able to talk
things over without insulting and without being a small child
asked if you are stupid because if you
think he is agile and for that  it's stupid
because you're stupid javi because if you
tell me that Dallas made that video so that
people are looking for her dog because she
's supposedly missing because she
believes my version of events, it's because you do
n't believe it and you don't even believe it
Christine knows perfectly well that
he but she's converting her audience she knows
perfectly well that the dog is in this
community and has sent her people to look for
the dog that is with her and that is
illegal and that is illegal sending people
man sending people to harass another
person is illegal of course it is illegal
and
yes it is illegal because there are people who went and
harassed now she says of course let
third parties do it is your responsibility but would you
take it I assure you and I
assure you first hand because I know both
sides that if there
was the slightest possibility that that
could be reported to them they would already be
condemned okay okay okay look I'll buy it I'll buy it I
think it gives the
beans
so that they can't report him and
cover their backs then the
facts
sending people to harass for me again and
then you
can't defend how it is that
we're talking about that it has
a lot to do with image in
America was one of snow it has nothing to do let me
let me explain to you I'll
explain why this has to do with it he
came to Horatio that you more is so
expensive that he was going to report me in everything
I tell you to you I could report you even more
because they keep it
public
no he can't announce me because he's going to
report him but if you just said that he doesn't
understand laws
but why is he going to report me but I
say it again he
takes you out of scenes in the video
tell me one take one of your video I just did what I
just said no you can't
say
that he can report me and the other what I
just told you I repeat it to you and
repeat less repeatedly you say that
Dallas ordered my area to be attacked and that
what he did is illegal that is
slander please read the tweet literally because
you like it a lot cut
please read it literally we
read it in the video to the elebol bullet
again it is literally the tweet because I think it is
not like that see if he just recognized it
right now
I  if
I had reported
what can not be is an opinion javi it
is an opinion but a supposition you can have your opinion
whatever you want as long as it does not
slander and here
z and 27 in the mic
was counting 12 bits well let's go
because it
has no relevance
relevance and it
is not illegal it is crap we can
continue let's see well if you don't give a
[ __ ] because you put a bullet I don't give
a [ __ ] let's get to the art let's get to the
real issue let's go let's go let's go
a little more
but you're telling me you're telling me
that you can enunciate me dallas clear
well
I also just portrayed you of having
said that it is illegal I'm not
saying that in my opinion and I would have
reported in
saying but if you just agreed with me
that it is not illegal and here I do
n't know if it is legal or not you know about laws, I mean
you know perfect it is not law that it is legal
no that it is not legal
unfortunately up
perfect we can continue what do I care I
don't give a [ __ ]
that you said that magically I
changed sides because it wasn't
magically and you are subscribed to my
channel and you know that it wasn't magically
because you see the videos when  a bird doesn't
see all the videos but for me you're
screwed for work because I report you
and I started making content
that never says anything bad I haven't seen to
make any video on the floor that the
bullets from here from there Carla we're going for you on the
part of first you're telling me to
change my mind because I screwed up the
complaint you know that I did the game
over
the people that you have in your will already agree with you
to what I do from here
that nobody agrees with me I'm very well
Marbella and I would have many more people
that I am talking to you but what a
lost cardio the video
who does not husband the video that more illusion I have
told you
a little because you were saying things that were
lies and that I had taken out
of your ass
the points that are lies do not
worry but then what you do
is lie about me
why do I
not have endorsement is that I am lying
about those vouchers an opinion I am not
saying that it is the absolute truth and
this I am saying that I think that you
screwed up with the complaint is carrying
okay then I want you to explain the
current to me now what we are doing at this
point is that you tell me  that I saw with
the current when I was in the worst
time in Dallas when everyone was
messing with the FI
in 2018 they were all supporting it that that
was the worst time of age to 2018 I
was no longer supporting it because that is the worst time
of the the the worst time of
Dallas is when almost 6
channel and it is having a super bad time it
is surely worse
at that time and I know how bad it has been
through it is
becoming very difficult for me to talk to
you constant interruptions please
the worst is because if you are nervous I
understand you the worst legal time
is that you do not realize that you are the one
who is talking all the time
I am trying to explain and you are
telling me that I want to cut you off because you
are risking a support to what I
am telling you and he says that I am
cutting you off but I am not telling you man I
am not I am not I do not debate
normally I do not like to debate I do not like
such I do everything to you to talk about the
video of the things that you have said wrong
but we have attacked with excitement
reacting he has said that he has
reacted he has said things that are not
because of the  I want to clarify when we start
talking okay
let me finish and then you can correct me
whatever you want okay this is how this works
point number one for me the worst time
in Dallas is not when he did the
crystals thing and all that [ __ ] for me the
worst time was 2018 when he sat in a
dock because he was accused of
cyberbullying okay this is something to think about from
my point of view but
people supported him people supported him at
that time they didn't support her people
supported her nobody I'm going to handle it time
[ __ ] all the people who supported a lot of
people worked it's not what I lived
but point number 2 can you explain to me
how I screwed up I come out as gay you don't see
I will do okay on January 28th 2019 I
found out that Dallas reported me in
March of 2019 can you explain to me how I
screwed up the report three months before there are
many I want to say what I
want to say no I don't know the
absolute truth either my opinion and you're not going to
make me change it is that I think that you
screwed up and you left with  dallas because
when you were against dallas what you
did was lower subscribers
deposits in favor of dallas and you increased
subscribers or so I think that he is a
person who already made that this
change to support dallas and be in
favor of public opinion
and you tell me that I was the one who
changed my balls guys then
think this then you think less is that he has
said two different things
then you think that I stayed because of
the lawsuit or because of the subscribers what
I said everything came out is that you are
staying with one of the points that I have
said because maybe for you it is the
clear defense and with that you can
defend yourself from everything else but that is that
the truth is you put everything in the
same yard I am telling you that you
lost subscribers and you
can deny it you can deny it if you
lost subscribers or not lost
subscribers I won when I messed with
dallas I am
going to say I reached I reached
200,000 subscribers without yet being a
colleague of dallas to the spokespersons well
reach 200 thousand subscribers  or reaching
a number is not the same as losing or
gaining more subscribers, I mean, I've also
had times where I've reached
large numbers quickly and then it's
cost me more, I mean, it has nothing to do with
200 being much harder than going from 0
to 100 but that's okay you're saying
that I got with Dallas to gain more
followers because that's what I had they
played in my opinion an opinion and if
I'm telling you that of the 300
subscribers that I have 300 thousand and some
two thirds are from having messed with him
I don't believe it like this
we're talking about opinions I'm going to
have the absolute truth about this my
opinion I'm
trying to end the debate each one
on their own no problem and here what I
want what I want is for us to talk
things over clearly and I want to
explain to you that there is no fear of a
lawsuit
really
at the moment that I signed a
conciliation because you have done that what
I did was wrong and I told him okay I'll
remove other videos he accepted the
conciliation and there is no complaint
that they put against me that is accepted for processing
because I signed the conciliation  so that does
n't get anywhere I
accept that I did wrong before it
gets any further and he quits and withdraws and that's it
okay how scared am I going to be if he ca
n't sue me for anything
no but I'll repeat it to you
javi I think that you had a
very hard time before the resignation the
reconciliation with dallas that your channel was
n't moving forward that it was that you had
a lot of hate and that you changed test
overnight or maybe
because we assume it's true that you believed what
dallas said and you changed it's
in my opinion it's that I don't know that we're
talking about an opinion we can't
talk about an opinion I mean we came
here to talk about the lies that have been
said about me well we have to
move energy talk about things that you have
said on live and slander opinion
let's talk about opinions let's
talk about truths you have said you have
said that I approach in favor to
win people over when I know work
when I was very very small and I became
fond of his videos when he had
much less subscribers than me and
I have been friends with him since  so
since you know since I uploaded to pokemon
before the x that I had 50,000 subscribers
or less you
tell me you say the lie of
collaborations with Dallas is a lie
where are the collaborations and I
tell him no and he says
okay that's true that's how it is and you have
lied or at least you have not
informed yourself well it is something that pisses me off
let's talk about those topics because
opinions do not
matter you have your opinion I have
my opinion it is operatic to have a
different opinion about what happened to Dallas or
what happened to Wish a lot of what happened
to whoever everyone will have their opinion
but you really have said things that
are not true and I really have
laughed at the time or so I mean I want to
say no I do not care because the
truth is he is a person that you are not
going to leave me without sleep wise I
mean really I am excited
because he makes videos to Wish and Wish Michu to
Dallas to Blood Blonde if you make a
video for me then I think he is
[ __ ] [ __ ] next to him so if you
make me a  video is like wow I mean
if that's so important and not at all but
here we are I made the video it
went well you reacted to serious
content in tutorial we are having
more content we are having a
debate then it worked it's not
working well for you maybe if you
are watching content but I really
wanted to tell you that there have been many
cuts of such and I explained to him
but you cut it because the
worst thing is that later I don't explain it in
your own video I mean you're saying
that I had 18
versions of the same thing
I've always said the same thing
I'm not saying that you only have one
version I say that between the two
inhabited several versions like I'm not
you talk to me when with me
watch the video because what I say is that
okay tell me a version a version that I gave
if you go that rigor is invited
true lie admired it is true this
is true every time he has invited to the
test of this then he comes out he went
live saying that he was going and he doesn't have a
[ __ ] idea I say it I
say it then he went and started
inviting everyone to say that
everyone was invited and it is that
everyone was invited but the
reality of the  that they are
really invited he made his vote like we
all did and I didn't tell Ibai
who was who wasn't invited
because in reality I wanted it to be
a surprise for him because he wanted it
that way and that's it it's not a version it's not
another version it
's a version
that they are invited in a list it's not
that I sent them an invitation
those people it's that we can we're
going to take those people into account then there
was a vote with many with 90%
of the list I didn't
know it's not a version but in
addition we are talking he said something
but to me he tells me habitat talk to him about
the mountain for a tweet it's interesting to talk
to him that in my video he said between the
two what I say my video is between two
coaches but then he clarifies if later
you can see your life is that the eight
shifts
I have said 18 I have not mentioned Ibai you
have mentioned me Greek between the
two you give a count of versions 18 a
man it is a lie it is a lie Javier
lie and Ibai has said that he has invited
everyone it is true we have invited
everyone but then
certain decisions were made for example with
rigor because we did not want the salsa that
people said or they are going to get together they are not
going to get together look what is said that I do
not know that they are reconciled or I know
that this sanction that we want to avoid and
that is the [ __ ] reality and that is why it was
left out around the fact that I was
fighting with him for a while yes
but it is irrelevant if I did not know him
I know of nothing it would have been left
out too because because it is a
group decision and a decision that we have made
my negative lodin vote is worth it because I did not
want this type of salt I know or we do not have it is
not that I am going to
repeat it to you I am going to emphasize it because I already know
where you are going I would have liked it
that I have visits to the series because it is one
of the pillars of gta
yes obviously because I think you do not
understand voice or that no because I do not want
the type the typical one of salt I know or that has been
created is atusa velato system that has been
created between auron and reborde after
everything that happened if one in strictness they
had not been fighting even if I
had problems  with him in the past he
would have been in the series I have wanted to
be in the series so it's not that
I'm contradicting myself oh I
'm not contradicting myself nor is it another version it
's mine it
's not contradictory that you say that I don't like him
and that you would like him to be
in the series and I vote question and I vote
no because of the toxicity like many people
voted no the toxicity but not
only overflows has been left my friends
already explained in the reaction there is a
friend of mine named cutter who is that
I would love to have been in the
series in fact I told them you are going to
be in the series and then it was voted no
and I had to face him and if you
want you can open a private message and
tell him about it
achieved from next door no of course yes but it
is the most famous case through and I
tell you that I can dislike a
person or see or it's not bad it's that I
had I received bad experiences in
the past he
has no problem because he denied
lancho I was with him and we were and we were
schools
aurum play
well I can do that aurum play he said
that  he wouldn't mind collaborating
rigorously if there were talks, of course, of course,
now a play had nothing to
do with this, but what he has had to do with
is that the problem with us Auron
and Reborn, the problem is not them, it is the
toxicity that exists in the chats,
facing each other and about birds and they are
going to get together, they are not going to get together, it is
something that I want you to understand, problem, no, no, they do not
want this rigor, they do not want
this rigor because of what the
chats say between them,
imagine that they enter one, not even Reborn, they are going to be
pending to see if they get together, to
see if something has already happened, to see if there is
one thing about birds and said another and they are going to see
and they are going to see people adding
toxicity and we have tried to reduce the
toxicity as little as possible and you include the
crazy one, I
think I have
explained it to the crazy one, I noticed a question in mind from the crazy one, does the
crazy one seem to you, does the crazy one seem to
you to be a person, does the crazy one seem to me, I do not
know him, I do not know him well, it has been
voted among the administrators, okay,
but it rebounded, do you think he is a good person,
I do not  I know him Javi, I don't know him, I
see his content, I've seen the content he
's making, it seems to me that it's
content that is good, he's not involved
in any movement at the moment and then I
run into him with the whole mess of that
but I think a lot of time has passed
and he apologized
but what happens is that it can't be done anymore, he can't
enter any series
or anything again, does it seem
[Music]
cancellable depending on the person
but
people voted I think that people
can regret it, people can forgive
and can come back I believe in the reception
through saying I'm not going to bury a
person of passion
don't laugh at what
I laugh because I laugh are you going to allow me to
laugh because it seemed illegal to you,
the claim remains his dog but what he
does is what the insane does to you
more guests parents to put you
do a monologue and every time I go to
answer interrupt I
am talking to my
two year old son I can talk more than with you you
behave they moved away from Uncle Vania are you going to
allow me to laugh because it seems
ridiculous to me that it seems that I
claimed his dog do you think that  that's
illegal but the diamente thing let's see if you
shut up about the insane thing do you think it's
forgivable in a year and a half
javi I don't know everything that's
happening to you what's happening is that obviously what's happening to
you what's happening what's happening what's
happening is that you're a fake well it
remains as an exit element and has
good numbers of minds and invites him
saying that you don't
know your [ __ ] series I don't know
80% of the people I vote yes I do if you do
n't know 80% of your series but
then how do they know that the
funk between their funds there is no toxicity
how do you know that they haven't fought between them
if you don't know them because
hardware you don't invite him look man let's
be clear arebol hasn't invited him
because you don't like him because he has a
problem with the guy but it doesn't please me damn you're wrong you're
wrong I haven't put in
rigor because because it hasn't come
out of my dick I'm telling you seriously I
mean if I wanted to put together a
role play series because I want to blow it up and I
want it to be the best I would have
invited rebound if I were a  false would have
invited repeat because you have a
grudge does not invite him because he has a
grudge and instead of saying look I do not
invite him because I can not see him instead of
saying that he blames euroempleo
when I open a play on his side he is
saying that he would not care
when but do not lie that no
while
the
grass now when I said that aurum
play is to blame when I said that
no while man they are saying that because of what
happened to him with euro in play
does not invite him and it is
as easy as saying I do not
invite him because I have a grudge because
what it is happened to me and not what I want in my
series that is not what it is not what you
want that is not what you want is
Javi that is not going to be what you want you
understand it is not what you want
I am going to talk about you
but let's see you know you know what
happened in the series you know
because I do not know the record really you do
not know 100% you do not have a [ __ ] idea
Javi and you are making things up
okay and do not make things up because
around me
is a person that I could have
invited to the series that I have no
problem that I am not resentful that I have
forgiven myself with people who have
done me very very very wrong seriously you are
commenting
and resentful and if this fight with Dallas
three years ago because you did a
live right now saying that he is a very
bad person because with Dallas he has already
shown me three times that he is not worth it
and I am not going to give him a second,
third or fourth chance
but let's see what one
thing has to do with the other they are telling me
is that you say that you are very smart
very smart and people like you I think that
people already catch them at the studio
smart because you say I am not resentful
then because it is something that maybe does
not reconcile me with Dallas well I
am already resentful one thing do not be
mistaken it
is neither black nor white but one thing is
that you do not want to reconcile with
him and another thing is that you make money
saying that he is a very bad person as he
just said
my opinion and my opinion well my opinion
is that he has a false and here what is the
problem I am a fake because you are
saying lies are coming out you are
saying that it is a lie it
is a lie it is not an opinion it is a lie
what you are saying okay you
can tell you can tell what Dallas has
done to you so serious give me permission
to give me permission for you to tell it
you can tell what has been done so
serious that in less forgivable than the
crazy one that is very strong on your
part of colleagues that let's see what the
crazy one does is that you are trying to make me look
bad for inviting the crazy one when
the men I will tell you I will tell you that he wants to
generate crazy having crazy one in your
series seems like a real fabric to me and
look that the series was [ __ ] great
but entirely mind the fabric yes
but because the crazy one has
some problem now he is fighting with
someone he is creating salt he is in the
center of the server prepares water but
if you don't believe the ceo that you don't
like the salsa singer doesn't it seem little to you what he
did recognized by him simply is
not there but he apologized I ca
n't do anything else in his life it is
better than this
series
you to you want your being we have already
seen its content we have seen that
no  it was salcedo in fact it creates a very good
vibe on the server,
like many others,
investigating people's past to
accept them or not in the series, I look at what they
are generating now and I am not going to
invite people who are fighting
with each other but the person who asks for
photos of minors and has not
recognized the one who already but that is not like that
I do not invite him you are telling me
that I have invited him because he asks for
photos of minors and because that he has apologized to me you
are leaving me from that and it seems to me
that
asked if you are telling me that you do
not care invites the cat series for
capella of color and really I am
answering you really you are very toxic
javi really do
not call me toxic because the only one
who has insulted in this debate has been
you
do not leave me things
for the [ __ ] demented that if in the series
because he has done I do not know what roll in the
past two years ago is in hands is not
creating toxicity which is what I
want
and until us then
then you would put in your would be above
all not because as you do not think you are an idiot
if I did in your series you are saying
but no  you realize
the
levels are levels, I'm putting
things to love putting things but you know how to
talk so starting from what
level for you would it be serious and which one wouldn't
because the crazy one doesn't seem to you he
's giving me super extreme cases
to make all the people who
are believing you understand that we are monsters man
and I don't know many people in that series that I'm
interested in are interested in that series that I
really like and that they are my colleagues that I
adore but that is telling me that
you invited him because he already apologized and
two years ago and you are not a suicidal atheist, well
I tell you then invite José Bretón
and that he behaves well, that he acts
funny in the series and since it's been
many years, well nothing happens, there is no
here you are dealing with very strong issues, they
were enlisting them in a
way comparing him to smooth humans
and why do you join the mob because here
in the roll that you guys bay it doesn't matter
what is done it matters who and that is the
roll that you more
than the viewers who have to
see the viewers would invite her or
Cabrera
[Music] I
don't know, I don't know what is  doing it now or
cabrera would have to look at it
obviously as everything has been looked at,
all the people, there is cabrea, I would not limit there
was cabrera, I would not invite him no, I do not know what it gives, do not
be well, it stays there, let
the unitarias open, I would not invite because of the
type of content that he is doing
maybe now I am not interested but I
cannot, I cannot answer you 100% because
we have been interested because of the series and
we have not thought about him either, nor has he
had a direct invitation from anyone and
even and it is how our series is,
we can invite whoever we
want like this by sound you can
invite the crazy one, I would not do it
can you explain to me what it is that made you
dallas such a such a bad person that but
previously
listen
javi, I am really
freaking out, I am freaking out and it is that I am
going to have to cut you off
now and I am going to appear that running away from you
town but to see this again from
inside town perez town town
and you say that you are going to the town no
what I did no
because it is going to cut off because I am seeing
this world from the inside and it is giving me such a
disgust that you flip out from outside  true and
here they throw [ __ ] everything is difficult to understand it's
easier true but known [ __ ]
not me shooter has already forgiven the from
with life we ​​search on twitter to have
felt [ __ ] not to Dallas to Win Mix and
a bunch of friends
look you see one thing
that I don't answer you here
25 times what did he do to you so
serious that it's worse than the crazy one and he doesn't
answer me or problem with him it's a
personal thing that I have that I a
personal thing that I have to tell them I don't have to
tell he knows what he did he
knows what he did to me tell the message
he told me to tell me I'm
not going to tell it anyway I'm not going
to tell it anyway but he knows that he
did things wrong and got into territory not to
have gotten involved because I don't give
a [ __ ] [ __ ] what he says to
Dallas about me you know why he tells the
truth and I have saved the things
that he for which he did to me that I
will never publish but I have them
there
so that he knows that I have them and he knows
what I don't have conversations because of the
pain when he opened me and told me a
string of  nonsense he knows yes he knows
the things he's done he's gotten involved and he's gotten
involved with the part of me with
people close to me
because I don't
give a [ __ ] about the pse he wanted a
collaboration with me and he dares to
deny it in a car line with me and
I rejected it not because I didn't like him
for anything or because I was sudden or
anything like what he told me my I
because I don't do it with people and then the
collaboration with two he told me
twice like but yes
with me because according to what he told you I
can tell you
according to him according to what he said he did it to
collaborate with him when he had to no
no
nervous
the lying people
and José Bretón who did bar bar and that
atrocities happened with those things and
that they compare them to a person who
asked a 16 year old girl for clouds and who
has asked for forgiveness of 16 not 14 like
14 success I don't care if he won't eat the same
you don't care
[Laughs]
I can't worry about the things that
happen in the whole world
have  content to create but I don't get
involved in those things if he is a bad
person being a bad person I understand
what I'm saying but when I've seen
his channel and seen his content I've seen
that he is not here it does not create toxicity and I have
put it and we have put it in the series
what was put the matches it does not matter
like
one thing that worries me we have had
debates within the administration of
what to do with this type of people who have
had things in the past but
here it is
not the same that we have spent a year and a
half two years we did not want
people to have conflicts and that they could
stay with the pse or the series and the people who
are having are insane it does not give salsa
to the series with what he has done he is
simply making good content it
seems to me that it is not toxic at all
and obviously there are many people who put him
down but how he puts me to me how he
puts the wall to you like to everyone
else, I mean very bad things and that
for me that for me has no kind
of justification of course
because he puts it in your series
because javi in ​​people can be
forgiven people are the  asked for forgiveness show your
face and I think that I
am not justifying what you do, I
condemn all those types of things
obviously
if we don't
give him a chance because we think
that right now he is a person who is not
generating toxicity, who is not
generating SEO salt and because he is not going
to Marbella it
happens that you do something wrong and
you can never be forgiven again man, a
kitchen, a squeeze with José
Bretón or good things and here one thing
wrong you do one thing he has told me
things marinated from losing one thing one
bad thing is that you fail to smoke a
cigarette and light it because of the orange
things or I mean if it is so bad if it is so
bad if something else has been done it is so bad he
is in jail something has happened or I mean
someone has reported him he is in
judicial proceedings they have reported
an
example please please calm down calm down if they have not reported him he has not done anything wrong I don't know if the kid if this obviously is very wrong to choose you are telling me it is something that is very wrong you know what it is when someone goes to jail and gets out of jail you
know  that rehabilitation rehabilitates
truth that I a person if I can
invite them to my series and you don't have to
tell me anything because
I can suck up to you and
rehabilitated and that's it we think
that they have been rehabilitated and that
the series can be perfectly fine because we would
never accept a person who
does that kind of things in the series
understand
that you think also crazy it gives me
life in Marbella bite pizza
in this exam everything that comes out of my
balls is already being very false
and very little
but here I tell it to his face and he gave him
many more things
you bring me and I tell him that to his face and
many more things that
I of which I only have a colleague in
mind that it seems to you that everything is the same to
defend your position and it's not worth it all not
worth it they can't analyze me with Jose
Bretón
they are going to use but but nevertheless put up
signs to recover your dog and
say that that is aggression is not to
analyze go on there is no longer you are a good
that gives a false in reality it does not tell you
not to see me you are not
comparing things that have
no kind of comparison more compared
the case of the dog with a disappearance
of a girl and all the suffering of
many people and many families, man,
and if a dog gets lost, if a
dog gets lost, nobody suffers and there is no
comparison, there is no comparison, for
merchán merchán of the disappearance of his
dog on t-shirts then it is so
important it will not be until the difference
acts to analyzed about that and it
seems to me it seems to me that for being uy how good an
election looks how good it looks has
trivialized has trivialized then to you
for you it seems that it is what the
crazy one is forgivable but from Dallas
looking for his dog sagres where you can hold on
is the only nail where a
lot of nails
that you want but you are demonstrating
in this in this talk that we are
being you and I that you really do not give a [ __ ] about
any guy that you are capable of anything to
defend his position and to be
above someone, I do not care
because of my level you are
going to tell him what happens with Dallas I
have no reason to tell what matters that is why I
have nothing to say he
knows perfectly well the detail do not
say it do not tell
me you understand javi that I do not give
a [ __ ] about all this and  that I'm not
going to get involved and I'm not going to get into your
game I came here to talk
at the moment at the moment that you
're on twitter commenting on each of
the salseros del tala you're getting involved what
happens is that it's very easy to throw
military [ __ ] outside it's very easy to
throw honey say nothing outside but when they
stand up to you you're like that as you're
showing
eye no no no no no I have not gotten involved in any
of the have been from dallas who follows
I have comments now
all if you are subscribed to my channel and
micaela maybe of that buddy tries to
put you above but you're not going to
achieve it because I don't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] where you are or your position
right now I don't care if you want to
look good with your people for real if you
want I can say what you say what you
want and we look good you know what I'm
telling you I don't care but that no you
're confusing yourself seeing that they're
calling me false with such simple
things false no no false because it is false
because for what I will do if you let me I will
explain it to you but if you don't shut up I can't explain it to you
azzurra not to them  it seems like I
'm dealing with a kindergarten kid
again with a person who knows and
understands the pain and suffering that
can occur in cases like what he said don't
touch my dick also everything in the
dick don't touch my dick with that
nonsense don't touch my dick because she
was my neighbor and whatever suffering here she didn't
suffer had an example example it's
[ __ ] it's [ __ ] I shouldn't example
what comes out of my ball he has
merch on his channel that you can
buy it's a cup with argos with a
mustache you see faithful to my friend and friend
and friend of his who is in the series involved
friends of yours who are in the series
involved piece of bread at the end piece
of false friend of yours who is now very
bad and
who is involved in the series of
Marbella by they made dark humor jokes
with Marta del Castillo I'm getting them
out of you I dedicate a video to you tomorrow you
are not this but since you are like that but what does that have to do with
it as I
understand underneath what you want is to make me
look bad at all costs saying things
that are surreal because that's what you
're asking me is that each person
that I invite  to my series I have to see
all the tweets from all the years to see
if networks exist a black joke
a bad person
a person dies a bad person
because you have the crazy person in your series
because I would have to be immense of the
balls for me the crazy person who is a
bad person
to the person
I think that you are a bad person
why [ __ ] yourself inside and it is
because I have my and now this circus that
is more than a million that you are going to make
millions of videos that more humiliated
that I have no reason to say it because there is
nothing
because I want to listen is that you
are telling me that you are not
responsible for what the
Marbella dance participants have done of
black humor but metal they are also face a t-
shirt true to everything that I am not is that you
know me that you know what happens that
you are a smart guy and it is that I do not
fall for it there are already many people who do not fall for it
and the thing is that you are trying to compare
things that do not have they do not have any
type of browser it is like they have no
relationship, I mean, it does not make me
face the t-shirt right and I can not
blame you for what your colleagues
because they are participating in your series
have  made black humor you want me
tomorrow however I want me to get
out of the colleague if they are your colleagues
because with scola brasas with them if they are
your colleagues they do not know what I am
referring to
and sick like your uncle what are you
always looking for returned to another insult you are
coming across as you are that the master who knows how to
insult and calm down do not get upset
as you told me
you are the one who does not stop insulting and
interrupting I do not enjoy once and
opinion ok well insultingly the same a
lot with sick bad person I have
a sick person it
seems to me that he is a sick person that you
are always looking for things to
defend yourself above all you know that I
can sue you for violating the honor
for calling me for calling me that well
report me in javi report me seriously
report give me whatever you want I do not care I do not
care what you do
this month that I do not care I do not care
this I do not care your true I came
here to talk to you about laughter but I already
know where you have gone and I already know obviously you
have taken me to your territory more
trying to leave bad with things that
have nothing in which it has remained  bad the one who
takes the mother is only you and
here okay okay okay javi you're
telling me you're comparing me you're
comparing me things that have no
comparison and then I tell you
what you want and then you make
comparisons and I tell you that Dallas
is making memes of that supposed so
that your friends and your friends and your friends
jokes about the death of a girl your
friends and you and you come to tell me that there are
people who have made jokes about Mini
your friends and that's why and that's why
Dallas can put memes in italics you
can't defend yourself from what
you have said that is an example and it is
a comparison comparing the
disappearance of something if I have told you
if you have seen the mother it was not the
moment to
clarify it seeing again because you are not
interested take a moment let me speak and I will
clarify it to you I am not telling you are you going
to listen to me
yes listen
for success I am not saying that the
cases are the same and that they have the same
severity what I am comparing you to
see if it lets me no no I am not doing that
don't put words in my mouth I have not
said let me that  I explained what
I compare because people did
understand it, the one who doesn't understand it is you
because maybe you are the fool
Valeska Fría what I was
comparing to you was the fact that you say
that it is a crime for someone to send someone to look for
a missing person okay in
this case a dog you say that sending someone
to look for it is a crime and I am
comparing it to you not that it is the same the
same gravity or the same suffering
what I am comparing to you is the fact
of sending the media to locate a
living being that has been lost I am not
telling you that it is equally serious of
course it is not equally serious in the
police that the police had put out a
search it has nothing to do with it the police
put out a search they have put out a search for something they have
asked the citizens and the
media to echo it in order to
find the girl but
I do not believe that at night they are telling you
why why why if a
girl is lost the media can
ask the citizens to look for it and
why if a dog is lost it does not
explain it I will let you talk because I am
not going to  to explain again why
a person can't compare a case
like that where everyone was
looking for a girl and the pain of many
people there okay play with the pain it's
not the same I
was analyzing the pain of
the words in my mouth that I
feel like they can send me to look for
a ver because I don't know why it's illegal to
ask people to look for a dog and
for clark you can ask that the
girl is being looked for it's the same you don't let me speak it's that I'm going to I'm going to
try to say what I
want to say and I'm going to leave okay for me it
seems to me that you comparing the two
cases it seemed to me that it
's truly shameful but
truly shameful and you're
telling me that it's the
same as the police putting
a girl on the media if it's
[ __ ] the police don't
correct you the police can't put a
search for a the police don't put a
search for anyone until
48 or 72 hours have passed and that girl in the
media was asked for the
search from minute 1 before
the police asked for it you see how you don't know what you're
talking about already here but  I
'm talking to you about the 48 hours, I
greet you about the 48, they start
looking for the girl, she's a
48-hour old girl, she saw it on TV, on TV the
same night and they're saying the same
nonsense, that same night one day
on TV they were
showing the girl's picture and asking
people that if they saw her to report it, that's
exactly what Dallas did, but with
a dog it's just as serious, it's not the
same pain, no, but it's not illegal to ask
that if a dog is found, to report it, nor is it illegal to ask that if anyone finds it,
you know, I understand, you don't understand,
indirectly, indirectly, there are a lot of people
and it's something that is, it is like that, a lot of
people went to harass these people, do you
think it's fine, don't you think it's right, that
the dog is worthless, but I'm
asking you that, that he generated it
with the video and that's why it seems
wrong to me and this is an opinion and I'm not
going to put you in, instead of a
missing girl, I'm going to put you in another child
that doesn't exist, a missing child
disappears and the family suspects a
neighbor turns out that it's on
TV and everyone on the street harasses
the neighbor and in the end it turns out the
neighbor is innocent it's illegal that the
media is putting the same case on me
the fear are you going to soften it uncle what are
you really sick because I repeat it to you
sick it is you who
forgives the madman and puts him in your series
scoundrel
real sick
the sick man who is collaborating with a
video that he asked for does not allow minors under
14 you're really sick I have
nothing to do with that so you don't
collaborate with me with the sick man
when he collaborates with him now I think he
's on a full role server
and you don't know collaborating 200
people in that series don't wash your
hands that you are the owner of the series
you are exactly what you have in your
series that you are losing you are losing you are
losing now and you get
nervous nothing happens because when
the real issues are talked about and when
people will be uncovered is what is
happening to you because I repeat it to you
and I'm going to leave  if you leave me
and let me finish okay when
when the fac I'm not going to answer you on
that because it's my [ __ ] life you're not going to
answer because you have nothing
he's here telling me to say it already he does
n't spell the
question wrong the one who gives a [ __ ] he
gives a [ __ ] he's the dick of why he doesn't
stop talking about him at every moment
where Vélez vinyl of gender levels
tonight you're telling lies and I
'm clarifying why you're
lying because obviously you're
lying and you won't let me talk and you
're getting nervous but it's
okay I'm going to leave now and you're going to
continue with the circus and you're going to continue
profiting from all the things that happen I'm
going to keep watching it's okay its
true inside it's rotten and
really I don't know how not you're rotten
you're already rotten
but come on you and everything you had be
crazy stay calm Staten Island
screaming nothing's wrong you've come off as a
real scoundrel saying
comparing the two cases but nothing's
wrong it's okay it's like a piece
of  you are a scoundrel who gives me the vice
of mind nothing happens because he is
rehabilitated because he has asked for forgiveness
for us we rethink
because we see pieces of sick that is why
today here because you are a piece of
sick that is why you do not care it has
nothing to do with it you are trying to hang
a dead person on me that does not even suit me you
piece of sick person no no no no no
a piece of scoundrel but you do not
because I have it very calm I have not
invited I have not invited to my channel
anyone who has asked for UNDP it is for a
minor under 14 you continue and continue
continue and if you did it I repeat it again
I have not invited anyone to me to my
server who has asked does not leave a
minor under 14 or fifteen to see piece
wait that even if they do not hang dead people on
me that the people who have two
fingers of forehead do not come to me to give an account of the
strategy that is following seems to me
a strategy of [ __ ] [ __ ] and I repeat it to you
when the family that
me and t-shirts to sell and make
money from
the
dead that you do not try to defend the
cinema but that is hanging me  brought
the ghanam and the dead man of the t-shirt
but for me that it does not stop the loop it
is reminding me honey dead man of the t-
shirts that show off because I come
back to you the dead man of the memes that
your friends make laughing at a girl
and hanging any dead man I am
telling you that it has no point of
comparison
and he has not rectified and I am going to leave and he is not
going to rectify
cattle you have put yourself above if my
friends are all very bad we are in the
series doing a toxicity of the
host you are worth it and everything you want hey and
if you did not want toxicity if you did not
want toxicity because you have not
had any retaliation with this
youtuber who made the joke of
telling a three year old baby get
in the car and I will do a fine job
since you are so good that she does not want
to analyze with anything
because she has no answer because she
has no answer of answer yes she
has an answer to release kid is
formal the kid to you don't know him at
all sanz you know him at all
and the guy has multiple personality a
quality personality is one of his
personalities  it's a child is surrounded
by a small child with a
mental problem a small child tells a
girl get in my car to do a
nice job for you and that's the mentality
well of course child with mental problems
and it's a role doesn't know anything Chinese water
from Hunan and he's a very good person you don't
know anything and you're trying to
throw me around when when the people
I know like Chinese water or don't even know
exactly what's
here they
allow it to be late more important than they
want because you have no other because you're
trying is that apart from the alley
how are we going to
end but what
if you are a scarecrow the [ __ ] the
[ __ ] that is coming out of your mouth
really is that it seems wrong to me the only one the
only one who is nervous insulting
from minute 1 from the right
with the things that you are saying
really because it is
but we do not another no retaliation
when more said of José Bretón he
maintains his balls man you were
comparing me he is surpassing something that does
not make any kind of sense and
we condemn any we do
not allow any type of role and
racist ultra racist that it is noticeable that it is not
parody or is not human according to
a friend of yours well it is not he is not
trying waiting but
and I have just been told that
no type of racist role of
racist role outside of what is known as
parody or what is known as is not allowed
and why have you not kicked the server who
said the n-word
I think you are getting ahead of yourself because
maybe we have kicked him and we
have clicked on him what a coincidence how
convenient be careful it is not that it is something
that cannot be said and obviously we are not
going to allow it just like the people who
are bathed in the server for like an hour you
crash no he cannot enter to surround the
server and we are not going to allow
any super racist insults super
sexist super nothing like China not even for
real so as not to lose anything that
the sexist loose is going to allow
and
then to the one who said about the tights that I
can see all your lips in the
tights
listen to those parody brothers
differentiate they do not know how to differentiate when
when it is a role and there is always what
we are saying but about the
n-word he was not saying it either it
was really a parody also that one because  yes that this one
is prohibited in tweets that is
a different thing than black who
pastes black I don't know what but if you say that
word that is prohibited in tweets I
cannot allow a person like that on the
server so you cannot trivialize
some things and I hope to God if not no
no it
depends on us here it is
common sense you what you cannot do is
take care of yourself in a character to be
racist for example okay but if you
are interpreting a character and you
are doing it in a parody way a way or
way of stopping I know
humor but what can go up to you to
tell him that and he says that if you can go up for
a moment to tell you that no no with
the people because he has nothing to
tell him it
is so simple you do not have
people that you do not want to talk to him I do
not want to talk to anyone to me
anyone who lies as a person like
you tell me that they want to put me in front
and I put them in front of me I am
not going to do it I am not going to stop the five
that I people
illusion to think that
if he does not finish any of the sentences I
none of the sentences recorded
inspired by the roll of the demented
because it is the only one I
have  much
nothing is
missing it is only missing that you have
sexual relations brothers you
say that you say you
have a relationship I think that he knows a
little bit because it has relations between
two men not being homophobic
laughing at us when we both
have a partner I said that
the joke is to call us m to both
if your joke has been to call us m that we
cannot say between either but the joke
if not to call us m the best is yours I no I
am not ridiculing it costs something
bad he
wanted to call us m
in all the dirty laundry calm down calm down that
I have said that I have
said that you could have sexual burdens
as if yes Dallas well a woman
calm down
a little she is saying it I am
sexist whatever you want if a woman who
was my friend and I am
defending her and you tell me that
I only need to count on her more
if you
don't leave him or don't let him go up for five
minutes to which I explain to him what he is
done he doesn't know why the last one with
him the last conversation I had with
him was on the sun channel and ask
everyone and I when I say things here
what kind of  he told me nonsense and
for that I can answer you the method
since that day and he mentioned
my relatives okay since the day you mentioned
my relatives I have crossed him out and I don't
want to know anything about him and I'm not going to put
anything else
this time
and to tremble the day that the one we gave ourselves
at the planet dad meal happened
very carefully
literally what you are what you
are what you
are saying things about him that
are lies and whoever wants it and didn't
delete it from and so they deleted the
conversations but coincidentally I
was recording a video at that moment
and the conversation was recorded and I have everything he
told me and everything he said about my
family if you have the proof if you have
so much proof how
scared are you why put me in your
circus that in the circus these versions
are involved I came here to talk about
laughter from your video but when I
realized I think you're doing maybe to
start adapting to listening to me from
my car 1 afternoon laughter was not a listener
less insulted no no they have no I did not
enter it is the gravel
and whatever you want and if you think that
I am important enough to
make more videos and  give me more bombs do what
you want, not me, no one in
this you can dedicate videos to Rubio whatever you
want, put things out there, make
things up, man, but the circus that's
inside is really superpower, I don't know
how you can live with all this, seriously,
but the consumer
is also saying what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] I don't
know what channel inside is [ __ ]
[ __ ],
me that a long time ago I decided not to
throw [ __ ] again because they really
live better and I recommend it, I
recommend that you try to be a better
person
because really my content will be
[ __ ] and I'm the first one who recognizes them,
I said that I watch your video content, I
mean, no because it's [ __ ],
your content for me is fiction, what you
're saying is really very little and
you're trying to justify it, does it make
sense
that this is the first place, nobody in the
first place, okay, you came in here and
I said the first moment from here,
calm down, here we're going to discuss
the video and I have no
personal problem with you, it's true, it's a
lie,
I here, I have no personal problem
but
determined, I told you, it's a
central brand today here, calm down, don't
get nervous because you're very
nervous that this  it's no
personal problem and I told you to relax that
we'll discuss the video and when we're
done we can have a beer
like when I argued with him and Mario but
you've been company since minute 2 to
insult you I didn't tell you the first
insult which is not an insult that
question if you were stupid for loving yourself what you
were saying I'm so sorry that
you took it the wrong way the the
strength of you like the French the
strength the strength of your argument
shows I don't know what the phrase was but
that in the end it
's not true when you will return how much you
insult you are not making the
person who is enjoying it look bad you are making
yourself look bad
I really like what you are saying it's
okay listen it's logical
listen to what you want people already
have the toxic one you are not letting me
talk
so you are afraid of the toxic one I am
not terrified of him he is a person who
no yes he doesn't want to know anything I don't want to
know anything about him you understand I mean
you know that the last conversation I
had with him out of nowhere he came and mentioned and
got into issues with my family man that
is now
clear
because to me he is a person who is
dead and since then
the relatives
and you say you are clearly a
family matter it is yours so
then saying that his ex
girlfriend should send him for assault and
harassment which is what she
returns to the field is not nonsense
everyone is realizing the
nonsense that is
with his family with personal and family issues
but it is funny because during nothing that
makes me laugh a lot here because
during the whole debate everything you say
everything you say is opinion
but it offends you a lot when you do it
again not all your opinions are
opinions but I am saying some
things that you artistic is a lie and fabric has been
demonstrated and fabrics
as you do not know how to defend yourself from that you
pull elements
people want to
see
people and that is an opinion
has analyzed issues and you do not give a
[ __ ] about everything simply because age
above me
that close family has taken care of me because they
send you the pants
wherever you go wrong because that
family I support because they are my
neighbors be careful where you go I do not
analyze anything I just clarified the one who does
not look at
the pants of the demand for
care methods because that family
looks at the nerves or I am simply
telling you to be very careful because  they are
afraid of a lawsuit that you [ __ ] your
pants because that family is from my
neighborhood they are my neighbors and I
do everything in my power to support him
so don't go around there the one who trivializes
is you by getting into your insane serial
according to you he has shown his face
without shame
but well people know what I have said so you
are telling me now
in front if I am
going to indulge characters because
you and your group of [ __ ] are valuable
nervous
in front of
no one
I don't get nervous in front of no one
even though they had you a meter from me
less still seven they had meters to
guarantee but don't get me wrong
that they do
n't have nerves what you have no
shame
is you who says that what he has done is
forgivable and that he has shown his face
to
us that for us
the server can play because because he has been
rehabilitated he is a person who has already
spent those that time that
time character has spent
the time that a person is rehabilitated
to javi the
best to
no one of that
because with the things that you are telling me
we had things and the [ __ ] that
all the things the
things
to go back to another alley
but that very useful because  I
warn you that you [ __ ] your pants
about the demand of everything you
say I'm
not throwing for anyone I'm not
throwing for any
guy
because you know that a piece of [ __ ] like me a piece of
[ __ ] supports you has put you in your place
because he put you in his place because you
started very strong with your points
I don't care the
same
as
a unit I have a community that I would like
that she would really like to have
the community that I have I don't like all
this taxi stuff already entered here because I
thought it was a good idea because
we were going to have a laugh
my father
maybe got nervous he
got like he is now super upset
because I called him he asks him if he's
stupid okay forgive me javi really I don't
want to go any further
and I didn't get nervous
nothing's happening nothing's happening yes here the meeting
the very strange thing nothing's happening everything
started to refute your things and when you
haven't seen that you couldn't win and how are you
trying to put above me
stepping on me
dead people that aren't mine they're not going to fall on me already he
says so dear several
dead people that yes they have to see it on
the t-shirt of
the
prayers the  lies that have been said what
happens another thing is trying to make me
look like a bad person but the people
who know
enough toxicity and I love it and I'm going
to sleep like a dormouse knowing that you
're screwed because I took the
wheelbarrow from you that's why he's so agreed that he does
n't leave his life because what you're
saying lies or why not again I
go back to the same old thing Javi that I don't
want to talk to him because he seems like
a bad person and he already gives him many
opportunities and I cross a line that I'm not
going to allow anyone to cross I'm not going to
do the
truth I've passed you're
already fallen into the hole and that's it
try because I'm going to leave you keep
trying have sample videos
sacrament
of previous whatever you want okay
but I have a very
clear conscience and I know that what I'm doing
is right I know that they are right but you
really don't know how you can after everything you've
told me today that
powerful saying
to grab
you're in the hole
you're a coward be very careful
what I expected truth I thought you
were different that you're going to take
things with a laugh like I take the
video because I thought that my
mind
or rather you  it offends it offends that they release
Marlos t-shirts but that you feed them to me
crystal delegation
being inside of what nothing happens
every day
I approached the t-shirt of the moment no it
seems right to me that he makes a meme about a
forum member who now seems to you a
property lawyer his dog
that really the subject is as much of a joke
as if someone stole your dog to me if they
steal my dog ​​I tell you I won't
put a mustache on it and then on the t-shirt it's that I
complain my [ __ ] mother to my dog
so don't go there friend because
your mask falls off again and you do
n't want to really leave it already leave it nothing's
happening I want to spend a few
laughs with you if you want someday we can have
a laugh I can talk to
you about whatever you want I don't have
any kind of resentment or anything in
fact I'm going to watch some of your videos but
really I don't want to
know anything about the Dallas issue man it's that I literally don't
want to know anything because it
hurt me and I'm
not scared man my fear gives me other
things
no no that you know
this scares me  but I'm not scared I'm
scared the truth don't you shut up a little
please do
n't try
if you're not scared of a person who is being
lied to and you have proof you
let him in let him tell you to your
face and after going to talk and more I'm not
going to create a circus that I'm not going to create a
circus because I know why if they are
calling
sol because you are very good at trying there's
no need for me not to let you down you
just
use my words
quite well and you also know how to play
the game but I don't want to know anything about him
because for me he is a person who
has told me things that have not been told to me and I have
put the cross on him and even and he knows nothing
about him you can respect me to be able to
respect me and I do not want to get involved in my
hunger but but it seems very cowardly
on your part when you have been putting tweets for years it is a
quite brave subject now being van
and it seems very cowardly to me that you have spent years
putting tweets about the one who today in your
live and in this one I bet you say that he
is a very bad person he wants to
defend himself and wants to give his version
for me he is a bad person for the rest of the
people he may be the best person in the
world but  for me he is not a good person you
understand or rather he doesn't have to
defend himself that Dallas doesn't have to
defend himself from me thinking that he is a bad
person well to me he seems a little
cowardly man vale come on bye
[Laughs]
hahahaha and taken out of the shooting that
takes up a lot of time that a lot of
place of time that you could be with you
of people
well nothing is called touches the
dick a lot to say I was
analyzing I was analyzing I'm going to
call you his live to see what nonsense
leave because this one the same thing I go and file
a lawsuit or sign because I did not
like at all the things that were insinuating I
was not analyzing anything he
was a piece of hypocrite that patti
some things you have always said the
said Dallas and he has shat himself man
channeling I am going to call you his live to
see what nonsense leave because I write
because I did not like at all the things
that were insinuating
really I do not want to know anything I do not want to
know anything and it seems incredible to me the
amount of things that he has told me it is
impressive the number of things is that I
cannot love myself I cannot love myself what it is
he  had to listen man what he has to
hear and really a lot of
people calling me a lot of people leave him or
leave him or leave him alone leave him in the yard
but if I left at that moment knowing
I really thought that we were going to talk
about laughs right and we are going to talk about
laughs man but he acted like I
was a
scoundrel the one who has to sink man
publicly or something I am a person who is truly
scoundrel the most I have
done man is bring people to Marbella who have
had a dark past man what's
going on he didn't invite anyone well he didn't
invite any euros for what he did to him he is
comparing they should have with the madman we
all have a past they
were rehabilitated the hypocrite is
comparing now it's about living with the
madman but he doesn't want me to compare the
madman with other things he is a
piece of scoundrel and they are all the
same otherwise he really won't be
able to allow it and that is why I had to
end it and I have to have one with the
man but so that people realize what
bad people are because
I really thought it was going to be I
thought it was going to be  it's going to be a
laugh man I say in the video because for me
this is fiction for me
thank you very much for me it's funny
no no I'm going to get angry what a piece of
cowardly things man I'm not going to allow it
cold I'm not going to allow them to leave me
how is it if they want to rot
there inside that circus man let them
rot but we are going to enter and
when he has put Dallas but because the
leader is respect me there it's over the
end and the stone has been put on me I do
n't know if I was listening to him but now he
's comparing the crazy one with
virgin he says so what happens I don't put
abidin or anyone have you seen how he
ran away at the moment when he was
most involved in calls he
sent me time not even to welcome or to take
the literal but I was already hanging up I'm
going to hang up on you let's see if you are
saying something about a person and that
person wants to defend himself
exaggerated is what I said in my last
audio that is how dare you come and
say [ __ ] about me so if I am a bad
person that if he has attacked his family
but that just more sick that he
has  this guy
comes anyone to tell me that he wants to
talk face to face with me alone as a
man and even more so when he has been
throwing [ __ ] at me for years also well you
direct I did not know this apparently
recently he went live to
talk more [ __ ] about my supposed
reaction to a video that I made
because I made a video on the channel on
the main channel and he started to
react he is well everything when
your part came that part yes
you said something very serious that you are a super
bad person
so I changed sides because I got
scared of the complaint when I challenged him
to a debate and he came he thought it was going to
be funny but the moment I started
to ask him things he started insulting and
then the laughter ended goodbye yes
during I am enjoying why does he have to insult me
now it is that tremendous tremendous clown I have
the camera on to continue exposing
but if you want to put the record instead of
the face of this guy with the beard that
smells like [ __ ] from here
and despite currently how I put
you bigger
when in god he has been able to misinterpret
when I have given the example of what
José Bretón has misinterpreted,
I didn't hear what I heard about this, it turns out
that he says it is in his tweet and in a
lot of tweets involved or with you in the
commented topo the digital and then I
have told him I could report you
too and he tells me because they do not
accuse her of anything and he has a tweet in
which he says that what you did of sending
people to look for your dog is
aggression and harassment and then I told him
this I have told him so for putting
the first one that came to mind she
disappears and the media
says go look for her she is in this
area that is a crime sending people to
look for the crime is that she is a dog not
a girl that I am not saying that it
is more serious or less serious or that it
hurts more or less I am telling you the
fact of asking for the ransom asking
people to look for her that is not a
crime what they do what they do third I
tell them how if right now you are
saying this about him and me and now
tomorrow I go out on the street and one of
your subscribers hits me your fault not the
moralist  today I was analyzing I don't know
what but then the crazy guy has
apologized now he shows his face about the other one the
other one who said that the tights show her
lips is a parody is a joke
the other one who said in Marbella by that
the little girl will get in the car and that
the action fine work is a parody he
also plays his role very well well
then we have faced what
interests you to love is what you said
that I also think you got it from
why he directed it also that it's not that
these people are offended by who does that
if not who is who or I mean here they only
care about who the person is who does what
things there is a position the most serious thing
in the world they don't care but I mean it's
only if it's their friend if it is if it's me or
someone they don't like even the
slightest bit it seems to them he's going to jail with that
lithium again straight on gave if he doesn't
want to better the whole thing started
why
instead of recognizing that on the rebound they haven't
invited him because he didn't come out
of the dick because now a play
wanted him to be ibai also wanted him to
be  damn and I didn't invite him
because I don't want
the humiliation that I'm
going to tell you one thing that I
experience you already know all of them no
because no because they worry me at
all but I'm going to simply tell the
truth I'm this clown who
calls himself and here I don't even know the name
of the mortgage guy
daily was because of Ramón the
time I saw him my follower and Beto
my videos I knew him because in all of
folk's videos to goal two
minutes after uploading the video please when it was
work I was pasting an album he put
a comment haha ​​the pokemon I don't know what
those spam want to call him whatever he
calls it that is done with the intention of
spamming have more or less followers on the
other hand when we took a
live relating to the trailers and they
invited him if he didn't invite him ten
cars a piece of fake it's every four
different versions between the two
the guy was transactions of the
victim saying that he helped the scales he
has made me there is an audio that I sent you
that you didn't put it that same one that you
put it because he said insults that you
freak out
I told him of course the enjoyment  for
the sun insulted him again and I tell him and I'm
going to do it a million times
ago I had insulted him again because that's what you
are simply I
insulted him for him after he
was years putting [ __ ] about me
publicly on twitter after having
come to me at the beginning of 2016
to lick my balls because in 2016 at
that time I was at my peak of
best fame status with best reputation status he
says that he supports you
what I wanted to say what to
say because I know that
all these milestone youtubers will value this and I know that they
already know it perfectly well but Tomas
disgustingly interested and false in the
world I'm going to explain how I met him I
met him in the year 2000
12 if I remember correctly in 2012 I think
when I wrote to him for the first time
because on top of that he wrote me because I
care about one thing about his videos that they
were he has a lot of with you with
copyright and I wrote to him he made it up to
warn them I at that time had more
subscribers than he would have with some
1000 or so it's worth more or less I had
about a thousand subscribers since I wrote
always to help him with one thing
that I think is affecting
YouTube precisely because of the copyright issue
the guy started to really suck at my balls
and he was licking my
balls until 2013 I think it was the
summer of 2013 that month I surpassed it at
this point I think I would have about 70
thousand subscribers I'm around there more or less
and then he suddenly posted a
very quick upload and surpassed me before he surpassed me he
was stuck asking for
collaborations he thinks he's going to be in my videos
think about live videos and I and I invited him and he
accepted to continue with me limited and
with me only I think there were several
live videos that came out
with me in fact he spends all day asking for my stuff and that you collaborate with him for this for the other I don't know that suddenly when the guy uploads my stuff what he did was ideally stop responding to me everywhere okay and that was one of my worst focuses in 2013 that everyone already
knows the [ __ ] that started in  2013
with the whole thing about the stones from
enghelab whoever wants can search
for me the worst time of 2018 and [ __ ]
[Music]
but but the guy basically if his
[ __ ] mouth fell because he had already
gotten everything he could get
from me I simply gave him
absolutely nothing more and he stopped
responding to me completely but
completely he doesn't write to me until many
children later okay but many years
later when I collaborated with drones I think it
was in 2014 late 2014 or around there
more or less at the beginning 2015 something like that and
then suddenly he writes to me again
in an interested way to tell me how you
got that collaboration with drones I do
n't know what how great that you got I
don't know how many you know
but if he collaborates with me
it's that for sure I didn't tell him but I
made some comment to make
fun of him because like the pig
is literally ignoring me
literally swimming because he is a [ __ ] self-
interested person I mean few
people I have known as interested
as him but as false and as interested
as the ballet and all those who are
now that are  giving importance to
this guy all those who give
importance to this guy are going to see how
later the cape sticks to them from behind
but very hard very hard because the
guy is the most disgustingly interested in the
universe but false false false there is no
being more interested than the one I have ever
met between youtube honestly I
think he is the most interested there is
lucky he was never a friend of mine nor ever
of style because I can't imagine
things clearly his friends what luck that
was never the same he will be a very good friend of
yours who is this clown please if we
were only acquaintances he makes each saying that it
was that he was a very good friend of yours that I would
like to take the egg that I would like to
be your friend that he was something like that he
said
and here I would like I would like
in his live when he is rationing my
video for said I was like that I was friends with the
real one not like you tell me to me he says the shitty
clown of this one we barely
spoke but barely very little
simply about mainly youtube topics
things like that but not much more so
I helped many times because he asked me to go
on my live shows and he received a lot of
publicity from me and I didn't care
because literally I  it mattered I liked him
and that's all I gave him but the
moment that guy got over me I
started ignoring myself completely and from
alphen totally ignored since 2003
sent 2013 until the coloration with which he
writes to me like what I am it's
because he's also desperate to
get it you know but it's the most
disgustingly false on the planet but
more clearly false and then after
that
because when they invited him it wasn't like
I wasn't like the other
day with the jealousy I believed that I was going to
end up on good terms with him like let's
talk to see what I
could have done wrong the video we debated and
such
from minute 1 insulting me that if
I'm stupid that if I don't have a euro anything that
if he wouldn't let me talk what the [ __ ] are you going to do and
when he calls me sick I kill you with my
balls it pisses off the
most personal people as a friend
when when you call he says to me since
sick I don't know what when he says it that
you know that between us we have said it
many times jokingly like he has
told me like I'm sick like I have
an illness and it goes to me  let's eat the
balls come on I've seen in this mind
all this time that you didn't
realize that the guy was
constantly changing the subject and
putting when he came but when the
corner many times the foot was put
with a tone of voice especially a
high that has to positive an
especially high tone a little more and
breaks the glasses in his house because he's
stuck placed and he put on the
traditions it's
[ __ ] embarrassing to listen to him sincerely
but that really is making me [ __ ]
angry it was like he was insulting me and then
at the same time when you said no that I
go up to Dallas
offended he insulted your family if you
can more clown
the monologues of a guy I refer and that
reason we are talking there is no reason to
get nervous in interrupting or anything
let's
let the story finish it
never ended and then since 2014 okay he
told me this I told him a comment not
to talk to him in a henkel plan I
think it's with me they don't get along 2014 already
had more numbers than him in fact his
channel went to the most absolute and
complete [ __ ] in record time
honestly I don't know how  will be now and I
hope he's in [ __ ] and that he'll
always be in [ __ ] for a long time
more
friends will last him two days freed
two days because in him the life of
this man matters literally so from 2014
late to early 2016 which
early 2016 was when I was
in my time of greatest growth
combined with good reputation because it
wasn't until summer
a little before summer of 2006 that
Maria started with her escraches on
twitter and those sites so just
before that I was in a time of
great popularity and very good reputation
both both things a meeting of the
planet we had in a hotel in Barcelona
el prat at his publishing house okay so that it
isn't easy and then the guy approached me
like that is that I'm so sorry so
why did he apologize to me or
perfectly because he apologized like clearly
clearly he apologized
to me solely and exclusively solely and
exclusively because he knew time
now now I think
that the book
well nothing that he approached me and he
approached me out of pure interest because he
apologized at that time to miel he hadn't
made anything public to me at least not being
able to approach if not that  man, since I did
n't know him, but the
moment I started seeing one click, another
click, another click, I say, it could well
be the extra couple,
the typical one that you want, looking good with
everyone, come on, Betty or Beige up
front and nothing happens. Hey, Rigor, I'm not
inviting you because I hold a grudge because they
say they're not resentful but before
holding a grudge, Sedena is a
[ __ ] liar and so at that moment I haven't
done anything to me publicly, yes, he has
done things to me privately, but
publicly, so why do you know,
blame, why is he going to apologize to me
and pepper, tell
the life if I haven't done anything to me
publicly, you know this because the guy
dedicated himself to doing [ __ ] looks behind his back and
then from there, a few 123 months
after that situation, the whole
public scratch milestone occurs, which even if
today on the part of my ex and the other one
and then the guy takes advantage of it to
jump on the bandwagon, I'm
not going to get attention from you for
good because you don't collaborate with me, now at
this point, I get nothing by putting myself
in your land, I don't think it was because
get the collaboration is if not
because he was going to get
closer to the people if he joined that
yes it is a little part of the same I
think more or less but no I mean it
wasn't like in revenge because you of the
collaborations but even if I had
the collaboration of cloth I would have put in
anyway and probably very probably
and then the guy says it's that he
insulted me because of him of course I
insulted him because of the script and he is grateful that you
messed with the family I don't know what I told him
these moments of the family that he
put it up, put it up and then he repeated my
own words to see if it's true that he
put it up what Sue says the family that you
put it up, publish it all I don't give a damn whatever I
told him I'm sure I
repeat myself in my words one
after the other so he recorded a [ __ ] video reading all the things that I said to him because I give each one cliché things he deserves them one after the other as simple and clear that he insulted me because of the foresight of putting it up after the son of a [ __ ] was on twitter
putting the [ __ ] that he is putting up and I had
n't seen everything until  now what
better if you have seen and I had
completely forgotten about the existence of this
clown
that the literal or rather he spent a lot of
time telling me agreements and some
things that I'm seeing that there were
although he has deleted them you know towards what he
said because having some
racist type conversations
when I was looking I had some
deleted but anyways yes yes yes
you start lying [ __ ] let it be that I went to
live in any of these
people with whom you and I have some
kind of problem or I for my part okay there is
to talk and I talk to whoever it is
publicly or privately of course how is it going to be that
you are saying [ __ ]
about someone and when they tell you to be fine
someone is going to respond to you
is a [ __ ] coward literally or rather there is
nothing more cowardly
being because he also has it he has it for
like that set of if it is that I
wanted to get you in because I was
getting into the hole and like
[Laughter]
because what I was trying to say is
that I was making fun of the
case of the girl it really gets on my
nerves because that case was my neighborhood  and
that in my neighbors and of course they have
my full support maybe I don't know
if I have to see it when he sees it
aggravated he demands us he explains it to me poorly
but I want to make it very clear that it's
not that he was saying that
a dog has the same importance as a
girl well that it also depends on each
family because there are people who don't have
children who have their pets as if they
were children but well here it's not the
same a girl with but what I was
comparing was the fact that you
were sending to look for the dog not
sending harass and he was saying that
that is illegal and telling me but
can you show me that [ __ ] article that says
that it is illegal it is legal
you all your [ __ ] life when
a dog has been lost posters have been put up
in the street and you who are a
media outlet well you have the power to
make a video doing it and if that were
illegal they would have already convicted you surely they would
n't have let it go
of course it's not that you're going to
Pérez that notice how little of the subject
that the guy didn't make a single [ __ ]
comment about the fact that  they have
breached a court order that they have
hidden my dog ​​that they have changed
my dog's chip to create my dog
where I am a [ __ ] comment of the only thing that
time and time again he says that he said
the
world we know what it is but he
said it clinging to the fact that you like everyone else
knew that well go look in the
air as he is not sending anyone at the
beginning but what I have seen I do not know
towards the end is worth the single floor of
brightness and assets he only repeated a network
with a [ __ ] broken record creates citizens
has made t-shirts that I am on the lookout t-
shirts let's see the lecce that
compares me this case a murdered girl that you
compare me with my dog ​​that my dog
is alive stolen by a lady who
put on this [ __ ] look of my own
dog I am laughing at the antonia
apart is that it is that what I left you what
I have said if we get down to
the t-shirts that he was throwing it
in my face when that is your thing is
worth what he has to throw in my face that he
had to leave his life would have said to you
but that  I was taking it out of the shirt
because I was making the
comparison that the dog and
not the girl and the comparison was not
about that, the comparison I was
trying to give him an example in which
someone disappears or something is stolen or a
child disappears and people put up
ads to claim what is or is not
narrow or in other words that has been done
all over the world a game when any
child has disappeared the
media has asked for it and they have
announced it before the police themselves
where they can missing because the
police do not report people as missing
until 24 or 48 hours have passed, I don't know in the case
of children and they are minors but but
at least adults do
but the point is that he
was trying to play the victim and he was
offended with things like the
shirt but then when I finish with them,
many of his friends he has in
Marbella Vice and who made dark humor
those are things of my friends, don't
say anything to me when I told him about the crazy person, the crazy person
makes a face
the typical thing that everyone says, the damn face,
the crazy person hasn't done anything  it's
insane whether it's real or not, as he said he's
apologized, it's because he's been
rehabilitated and it's like, but I don't give a
damn if whoever it is is rehabilitated, I'm
not putting them on my server,
what happens is that it remains the same because it's not
who, no, no, it's not what they do and whoever
does it because any of the brands that
are sponsoring Marbella by don't
sponsor them while the insane person is there,
like when I came to my daddy and he didn't
want to sponsor me because he was with you
and for him to be recognized and blamed and if they
sponsor them like that on the coast it
's hypocrisy they
're a group of [ __ ] hypocrites,
all of them sincerely and you know I'm
glad that these rats are
with them because they're definitely
going to devour them from within,
I didn't expect it like that because in the
live broadcast two or three were said and read
my video could be rational but as I
was watching it the good vibes laughing at it's me I
wanted it to end well
with him at least cordially I believed it
because in reality I didn't have any
personal problem with him I made a
video because a fake one appeared to me  I have
criticized him but the criticisms that I
make to people on YouTube are not
personal you understand that no then it's
like what happened to me on the other side I would say Mario
who made a criticism and then he came to me
privately and we met great and he
said when you go to Madrid we
have a beer and the thing will be one
thing YouTube is another thing real life
but the insults that he has made to me he
notices what there is if not what I was
saying when I wasn't saying that it
has pissed me off you
can't imagine
a king on top of him he is not alive
disgusting honestly it's the worst of the
subject I just didn't notice the
guy's stream and I see that it's full of
little kids saying we love you now
here literally he is scum this guy is
scum only now has gotten
some attention and thanks to the fact that he is
hanging out with others who have many more
numbers than him which is how he only
manages to raise us another way and they are
all
here is how can it be more
extremely pathetic already better to be
supporting a guy who spends his time
insulting in this case me and when
they ask him if they come so he can tell you for  to
answer you says I'm leaving I'm leaving
can you be more of a [ __ ] coward
the visits that are physical people
that are people you know that I'm scared
I'm scared that giving them will do something to me it's
not that I don't want to want me to
answer him and yes 15 he wants me to
answer him because I know perfectly well how [ __ ]
bad it looks just by
asking him I mean and I'm sure he would have
asked because I'm a bad person
a vision capable of answering ideal he wouldn't have been
capable of answering even
a [ __ ] word that because he's a [ __ ]
imbecile it disgusts me a lot he's a coward
now that he may not want to forgive you it has been
said
imagine in the discussion that you had that
was how long 45 years
since the discussion you had and
enjoying it in the lole that happened
two years ago like I have not done either
18 or so it's only he who was after
all the [ __ ] that that day that was
later is that you weren't
understanding me he's saying it for the sake of it he's
saying it was after all
that insulting him because he's
insulting me then I'm freaking out yeah yeah yes he
's a  [ __ ] fake piece of [ __ ] I mean he's
playing the victim because the insult
after he started putting a
bunch of [ __ ] about me on twitter
calling me a bunch of things and he just
looked it up and I see that he was taking me on
fraser and other [ __ ]
he told us that here it's clear
that it's fake that's why they don't let you upload
but what
imagine if what you said to him
hurt him a lot and he doesn't want to
forgive you that he doesn't want a relationship with you
okay
but well the other one the other one doesn't matter
because the madman has redeemed himself if it is
that sure you are a piece of hypocrite and fake so it
's always the same to the one we
bring here from these types of
people it's always the same and I swear I've
done it I mean I had already
finished directly I was already about to go
to bed he's lining my cigarette on the
terrace but I did it with the
intention I swear not to sink him
or attack lena but from here to end
laughing and talking about Marbella bye but
the attitude he had killed with his
balls from the first  moment god I
swear it wasn't bad but it
wasn't my intention I don't have one with him I mean
my intention was like to end up
laughing but I did enjoy the
first minute I'm stupid because I don't
believe that this is illegal
garbage he's a coward honestly it
reminds me too much of lex vi I
sincerely say it that
both of them are the same type of men
small men like chihuahuas who
take out an enormous aggressiveness to
compensate for it extremely small that they
are in every possible way he is
small physically mentally and also at
heart I mean hammer heart that has
a small heart in the sense that he is a
bad person that's what I mean I
had a lot of your folders
[Laughs]
barely now wait I lasted 10
seconds many times you
told me I'm tight and I won't
forgive you but I want to prove it but it's just that you
entered I say I say let's see
for a fact the threat of calling you I don't
believe you that I didn't have a license to enter and nothing
that he saw me like that with the mouse or what or
what was I going to add to you or I don't know what the [ __ ] he
realized he did and I
ran running
the stream just ended the
stream just ended just now you
bet he came running
here to see us and he'll be home
crying and I
saw that look how he behaved and if
he's proud he's more put on of
pathetic of the dark sad little sad man
a cowardly spill I swear it would have been
very simple it would have been
as simple as saying
look even if it appeared somehow
around me because Navas came out of the
dick and I haven't had balls and the truth is
that I haven't put it in because no because I can't
see him since he did to me I don't know what
fighting and
[Music]
what higher with that if I'm your boyfriend
with that if they're just copies and all that's missing is [ __ ] and
how you get offended if I make an
object comparison with I don't know what and
now you who are calling
us m that I don't know if that word
is not calling m
anyone any two men who
are friends it's because they are having
sex he is a
literal sick person this guy is a sick person but
exaggerated and then be it he plays the
moralist years that is to say that type of
things
these type of houses
are a group of fakes honestly they
are all a  group of fake
exaggerated but I don't get along with
any of them and that's why there are others in
my positions the difference is that there are
other youtubers in my position who
lead us with these shitty groups and who
simply don't hang out with them
but they haven't received the bad reputation that I have
received. I have been the focus of
bullying from these people. No,
if you mess with me
you are always socially accepted you know it
more than known that, but they are a group of
extremely fake among themselves and this is
a thin line that they are always
playing in balance to continue
pretending to be friends and at the same
time not being because between them
and Adrian they are every time something happens
between them they always spend some
time and I don't know why they do that
because in reality when
the radio stopped talking to me it bothers me something about
someone between us we know it we
usually say it has happened between
us it has happened between me and other
people between the south and I it has also
happened I mean it's because you have to
pretend because you are good you look good
and yes it is that in our face every time
some story happens that they fight
between them they try like  hide it and
pretend to be nice for a long
time until they get caught you know and
look what he compared is the good thing
now when he cuts it directly he didn't want
me to compare with those of manager those of
jose britto the comparison was not
the same crime asking
a minor for clouds as murdering and burning no I
'm not saying that it's the same in the
comparison that I was trying to make
with my fingers above all it's that well
since he has apologized he has
reconsidered no then we put it in and
since he creates good content and not so much
society well come on it's not that giving he has already
started to compare the crazy one with
beijing as if he had done the
same thing to me and it's like sorry
no the whole status wasn't expired
all the time but yes it was surely
[ __ ]
for sure let me let me say one
thing so that they put it in a clip okay I
like that people took this clip what I'm
going to say now and put it to him
and if they stop me in every response
of every person that the guy is
dedicated to it is that he responds to this guy  I
mean okay so that each and every
one of his fans know perfectly well the
kind of cowardly this type of
agreement is or rather I would like you to
look for a clip of what I'm going to say
now and put it in each and every one of the
answers that this guy has okay because
by the way he has me blocked
valuable you can't respond you can't
say absolutely anything to him
you're a coward you've spent
years calling me infra being a bad person and you
have no [ __ ] idea why when
you come here to insult me ​​during Javi's live and I say that I want to go up so I can respond you go to your face and you hang up the call as soon as he puts me in the group as soon as he
puts me in the group of records take it use hang up the call there's nothing more disgustingly cowardly than you and each and every one of the fans that you have right now because you're hanging around with people out of interest exactly the same way you did with me in 2012 and then 2013 all those
fans will eventually leave you because
you're a rat a piece of garbage of a
person  little is a little man with a
complex who spends a
lot of years saying a lot of my
razor harassing me in the 12 time and
when I'm here to show my face to
respond to the same things he's saying
today he's like a coward you're garbage and
everyone is going to realize mario
that you're in that group because you're going to
eat them all with treacherous stabs you
real scum you are scum how disgusting how disgusting
type really what a [ __ ]
type I hope that each and every one of
his fans see sincerely
never always
in marbella what we have been detained for
four episodes
well I have seen and have and sincerely I am
not offended by anything that has happened
but if I put myself on his level with the
things that are offended or in front of
those one telling one that
all her lips are marked in her tights and
another playing the role of a girl and
one comes and you get in the car
it's a fine job that I did not
hear that listen to that well there is
no his role and it is a role I do not care
no  we have to trivialize UNESCO because I'm
telling you that none of that offends me
because I'm not a thin-skinned person or
anything like that but if you don't but
imagine don't think what would happen if
I did that that unease
what would happen if it was native what they would be
doing and saying why do they
go and do it from all over the place for saying
that [ __ ] [ __ ] think what they would do the
gesture of the people along with what their little
friends do and everything is fine nothing happens
because we are little friends be calm
face to face for hair sorry and
years of time have gone by
and another thing he has gone to say one
thing but then no no when I
caught him there he didn't confirm it to me because
the madman told me he has reported
someone nobody has reported him right and
choose then he is telling me that if
nobody reports him no he is not guilty
could I give him an example when he
has no kind of respect this
guy if you yes you are going to insult someone
at least stop responding no if you
catch him and willis when they are when they
want to respond to you that you are a  coward as
simple as that and I honestly don't understand
how people have not been able to see the
most obvious he is a [ __ ] coward not
informing and more words to
describe him you are a literal coward I
mean I didn't even remember the
existence of this guy until you mentioned it to me
and he started telling you but
really I promise this there
was no bad intention when I
made the video obviously because he had it
pending in fact it
seems to me that I told you a while ago I have been
pending to make a video this guy because
seen one thing that I want is a
rope
like two or three weeks ago and you already
told me he had it back I knew him he doesn't
earn how much but the fact doesn't count,
my video without anything of what you are
going to tell and without selling that you per
month well put in between in the
sense that the guy has said that it doesn't
bail him out to the ceo who put it up
because he doesn't like sanse or and he is
commenting on all the twitter shares in
that is what he put you but when he
gives this version to my video I
simply what I was thinking of doing was
tomorrow reactionary  his reaction and that's it
but
when companies and nonsense that if I
also carrying out interest that I don't
know what it is like look man you're going to
come here let's clear things up and he
had no bad intentions but the god has
made me nervous began to enjoy that there is
a monkey kills with alcohol is to eat
to he explained do not grind the xxvi literally like
the alex beat they are the same really they are
exactly the same
at the beginning the debates always
start calmly you start talking but it's not
that from minute one talking
above talking above with the
nerves and I think that in minute 3 or
4 428 sorry or
more because they are alex you see what you
say I'm not saying that all small people are like that
okay obviously they are not
but the thing is that both he and xxvi are
very very very small men
really they are very small very little
thing and they have a chihuahua complex
literally well chihuahua complex in the
sense that they are so small and it is
called the little one they
feel so small they feel so
dwarfed that the only way to
compensate for their physical lack that really does
not matter because you  you can talk
calmly in looks what you give me
as if you are a knowledge is 50
centimeters you know but they feel
so little that in their life they have
learned that they have no other way of
behaving if not exposing themselves with hyper
aggressiveness by the middle exactly the
same as the chihuahuas the chihuahuas
compensate their lack of size with an
excessive aggressiveness because it is the same that is the
same I do not say quickly that all the
people who are there are like that but
they in particular
have a bad person for people who
is good well and this this guy is already that
I am very old already they are
older than all of you and only
seeing four or five things I already
told you a month ago when when the others I
already told you feel in every day
this week and it is that I have not been wrong
man then one came to me and said
look I leave the rubber send a screenshot of the
fire and then another one will come and
here I have I don't know how much I don't know how many and
emails of people sending me [ __ ] this
guy who has not wanted to take it out that if I
get mad he took it out I don't
know no  I know I have to open the
emails but here a ton of emails
that tomorrow he'll still be opening them and since
I got the colors of the ones with the helmets you
know but it's how we look at each other like for
example people who are in Marbella you're
playing I'm going to put it in because
right now they haven't told me anything but you have
people there making fun of it and you get offended
with the Marlos shirts and that you
put a mustache on it love what the joke of
the rest will be because they said the
dog was different of
course I wasn't deleting myself that
my [ __ ] pisses the [ __ ] horrible rage and
you know I've been so pissed off about that
issue for so many days and I'm still
pissed off about the [ __ ] Mexibus issue a
male it's from Antonia who was
saying his name was Carlos Tevez
appearing the Antoniano really they didn't
steal my dog ​​I'm making fun of
the person who spends years
harassing me on twitter insulting me on
twitter even messing with my girlfriend on
twitter that's what I'm
making fun of both of us inmates we're
so  ass that and that the guy
gets here talking about that yes if he
were such an adductor way he would act
in a different way than the [ __ ] mouth really
or rather looking at many [ __ ] rage this
man but exaggerated too much rage
for look at least we have to remove
position now we are the three in
trend today I don't know if here javi and give it
to the other
if
nothing new in the world well thank you very much
for your participation so a
busy day hey it makes
me very angry not to be able to get into
training my wife liked it
because I to see if the type of good would not have
finished because the guy if he already
starts to tell things that are lies
because that is
the problem that is not the
most understood when I was
telling you I did not even insult after he
insulted me a lot of things is what
happened that one day I was in the long and
this I say it will be a year and a half two
years nothing more time one day he is in the
sun and I see that he is connected
after a long time without opening it the
ballet and apparently he had added
still since then for years
and then when I saw that plan of the
[ __ ] I said you are a blopper herself
blah blah and everything I said I stand by
my words we are half each of my
words that I said because the guy had been
dedicating himself to saying a lot of [ __ ]
[ __ ] on twitter all this time he
basically leaned on the sold in the
sold here like he started to
look at you [ __ ] because you behave so
badly with him that he couldn't forgive you of
course normal if you think about it and why
he tells it like the [ __ ] wants to tell it you
know he tells it to play the
victim he is
the truth I don't even remember yes I
remember what I must have said about the
family I have no [ __ ] idea maybe I did
say something it's not like they had the best I
said something seeing know but the truth is I
remember having kept quiet about him it
was something about the father because the father of
youtube already about the father
the truth is I have no idea it
couldn't be clear of course they had that
entrance and I shouldn't have told him well
and throwing look if he is behind the
[ __ ] great roll but the moment
that he confronts you he felt imposed of
very bad doctrine I promise you that I do
n't know him but if he were the best
you with him yes because you have had a
history but that  I know him at all I
had nothing personal against this
kid and
to
get close to that world if you are a subscriber
to my channel and you watch my videos to
eat
what a fake point of [ __ ] it is
in the American community like that because
their little group of cool salsa people is in
this house
because they know perfectly well that they have been
left looking like cowards and you make it clear up
close that I am superior to those people
when the [ __ ] disgusting piece of [ __ ] up to
a lot of points years insulting me on
twitter how you have the [ __ ] nerve
for you this [ __ ] [ __ ] now when
you are the first one that has gotten into
this [ __ ] [ __ ] for years putting
fear insulting me on twitter how
can a [ __ ] coward jump how he left
be such a [ __ ] coward that they take this clip
too please and put it on him too
please let him respond to each
one of these [ __ ] with this how can you
be such a [ __ ] coward to have been
putting [ __ ] on twitter for years and then
when I go to go up to respond you
hang up strikes like that at the moment to
get out of the call with javi and it may
seem  I have been left a lot because I
am superior to the world of jumping it is
disgusting you have been putting a
lot of [ __ ] of my insulting me what a
[ __ ] disgusting type that you are that
type honestly
to
[Laughs]
the
company is because he did it because he was there
as it is within the little group where he is of
those who have the most balls he has to take it
honey ass strong strong but strong
strong because if he doesn't do it he doesn't earn
his viggers you know they explain to me or yes but
next you talk but only if I am you
if I am you for you we only
need to [ __ ]
the caught
are a boss guys or a point boss
some more shameless others less
but in the end they are all the same
criticism
for collaborating with you because Barça
continued upon his return and criticizes but the
crazy one everyone has forgiven everything
working bank of 20 win also
collaborated with the crazy one let's see let's
see of course wish michu is
a criminal already in itself it will not
work with the crazy one what to say the two
honestly I think that sincerely
next to the crazy one wish or rather next to
forgiveness next to  Luis Michel
is an angel who fell from heaven on earth,
but of course they are both equally
criminals, to say that they are going to do
well, churra, thank you very much for
being here for a while,
well, nothing, thank you for thank you for
adding me without
seeing them,
they will be wrong or were wrong for entering
then listen to the audios, you just
put us live because nothing
and I
told him
what I if we were children but
people with so much hair on their balls
how easy it is to fix things
that it is as simple as clearing
things up and talking, well, look, I have
seen him like this, I told you this, you
told me this, I have done more, it has hurt me, it has
hurt me, done and it is talked about and this is that they do
not come with the
predisposition in a way and it cannot be,
look at the mental gymnastics, it is before
closing, look at the mental gymnastics
how they take it and you can say that you and I
are not good people because we have
sent our ideas to piss this,
first of all, it has not been me, it was okay, it
is a method, it has not been decided by me and
secondly, I am supposed to be a bad
person for telling someone who is a  coward
after years of insulting Miami
what is the [ __ ] logic I mean he spends
years insulting me all right he is a
very good person now I tell him
that he is a coward for not letting me
respond to him because he is enjoying himself and
then I am a bad person
because I don't know having downloaded hardy
public bar of creators scoundrels
redundant but he is right we
love you here we love you we
love you but these are the
answers that are going to be here here
are better answers at the
bottom of everything when there is more to prove
because the parameter have insults
here they are putting this same thing
coward we love you brockoff dallas
for these people
the post was a minute ago and you know it
is in the tweet and he went to twitter to
put that my goodness but look at
all these people are obsessed
with gay sex literally they are
constantly obsessed with it all
the time and they make references to him sucking it
or things like that you know if they are
here waiting for me they put me together saving the
point to be able to talk in Elche
so what a laugh of the mother
this is between between the between the point
of people  saying we love you here without
sense will be little children who do not
understand the context of the whole
situation basically they do not understand the
story so they defend who they
think there saying who they have
told me have a good time but they
keep the context and then people
telling him that he is a coward to the people my
heaven
if you have only managed to make us admire you more
then okay and
then and then it is that I do
not understand the context of everything
although they understand it I think although they
understand it it does not matter to them I think that most
likely at the beginning nervous
you do not care because whatever they do the
people that are there excited they were
putting green already just relating
the video and it is like I am not telling you
anything out of this world I mean I am
telling you the truth if they enter the
leadership it is that people when
honestly like that these ones go up to them and you
ask them to explain what has happened
and they do not know they would say Javi that and
Dallas that they seek fame and have said
bad things to him and they would not be able to say you
love me because they inform us they do not
understand absolutely anything but well
tomorrow we will talk
in the afternoon in
the afternoon you are going
to put the  horns
on the phone tomorrow
at home
guys because I'm really leaving, let's say it's
not that I'm saying goodbye by giving it and I'm
going to stay here with you and not that
I'm leaving, really, okay,
thank you all so much, okay for the support, now I'll
upload it, it's worth hundreds, maybe there's
more support, interpret some of what he
said,
although you already have symbol at 5 like this tomorrow,
forgive me if on some occasion it
jumps out at me or you know what I
try like this, but it really pisses me off, really,
really pisses me off
with some things and well, that's it